Improve hint regarding unavailable variables (#1553)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-Typoscript: Documentation/Conditions/Index.rst

        available). This avoids the error
        `Unable to call method "getQueryParams" of non-object "request"`.

        Same is true for the `page` variable, which might not be available

>         in all contexts, e.g. backend modules without a page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        in all contexts, for example backend modules without a page.
```
